business-to-business and
business-to-consumer contracts should
be covered; emphasises that the
[optional instrument] must offer a very
high level of consumer protection, in
order to compensate consumers for the
protection that they would normally
enjoy under their national law; wishes
for further explanation on how this
... to support civil society, to
support the interim transitional
national council and Mr Jibril (we have
had many meetings with him); to support
security sector reform; to build on
what the people told us that they
A more balanced approach has allowed us
to have a joint motion for a resolution
today which will be constructive and
targeted at the opportunities for
closer cooperation between Ukraine and
the European Union, while judicial
reform is carried out in the country
and the anti-corruption measures
Above all, the European Union must
refrain from taking sides in the
According to the Act of Accession,
verification, by means of evaluation
procedures, that the necessary
conditions for the application of all
parts of the Schengen acquis (data
protection, the SIS, air borders, land
borders, sea borders, police
cooperation and visas) have been met by
the new Member States is a precondition
for the Council to decide on the
abolition of checks at internal borders
with those Member States. I did not
endorse this document because taking
into account the results of the
evaluations and the necessary revisits
carried out by teams of experts, the
committee responsible has concluded
that there are some outstanding issues
that will require regular reporting and
a follow-up at some point in the future.
Accordingly, we must assess expected
conditions and specific circumstances
and determine what we have to do to
make sure that Europe exists and does
not end up as a loser.
After 20 years, even Mr Medvedev had to
admit that one cannot ignore the
terrible and criminal heritage of
Russian power. I recall the words of
our colleague, Mr Swoboda, who
yesterday asked for a full clearing up
of Russian history, especially the
atrocities of the Stalin era.
After the adoption of a general
approach by the Council in March, we
got down to business immediately,
engaging in intense trialogue
negotiations with Parliament and the
Air services agreements now fall into
this category, as they cover an area to
which the ordinary legislative
All the Members have had an opportunity
to speak. I allowed them to speak for
at least 15 seconds and even a minute
in some cases, and the balance between
the political groups has been fully
Allow me now to turn to the six
legislative proposals on economic
governance, called the 'six-pack' in
our common jargon. I will not go into
detail as it is on the plenary agenda
Although I am not entirely in favour of
the resources released in this way
being allocated to the Union's budget,
as I think that the Millennium
Development Goals should benefit, at
least in part, I wished to vote for
paragraph 171 to send a positive signal
to the Commission and the Council
regarding the implementation of this
Although some issues remain unresolved,
such as the negative impact on
biodiversity of tar sands extraction
and of some seal-derived products, I
voted in favour not only because the
public procurement problem has
practically been resolved, but also
because of the benefits to the Member
States, and to prevent the negotiations
from suffering any delays.
Although these businesses are not
involved in door-to-door selling, they
naturally make frequent deals with
customers that are concluded with a
Among the conclusions to draw from it,
it should be stressed that the running
costs of these programmes are estimated
to be some EUR 800 million per annum
and that revenue will only reach EUR 80
million per annum by around 2030.
An innovation policy that is consistent
and integrated, and has a long-term
vision will enable us to leverage
strengths and resolve weaknesses
detected at regional level.
Annual growth rates of the market for
GNSS-enabled products and services are
estimated to be above 10%. The
Commission should launch a
comprehensive analysis to identify more
precisely the possible scenarios and
means of operation and exploitation
Antibiotic resistance in livestock and
domestic animals has become a problem
Apart from the threat of accident or
terrorist attack, there is also
considerable evidence of adverse health
effects along Ireland's eastern
seaboard attributed to Sellafield
As Amnesty suggested, however, it is
vital to link these with the TDIP
report and with the follow-up that the
Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice
and Home Affairs (LIBE) has agreed to
take up in a new own-initiative report.
As Mr Reul said, we must, of course,
encourage excellence.
As a representative of the Group of the
European People's Party (Christian
Democrats), I would like to pose a
question to the President of the
Commission, who has been busy dealing
with the pictures that we have been
seeing in recent weeks from the
Mediterranean, where many people
fleeing from the situation in Africa
have made it to Europe, while some have
also failed to make it. We have had to
see the images of these stranded and
dead people on the news.
As advocated by the rapporteur, I too
urge the European Commission to
continue applying pressure to approve
these proposals, as the measures
provided for in the agreement will only
be truly effective at combating
illegal, unreported and unregulated
(IUU) fishing if and when they are
applied in a comprehensive, uniform and
transparent manner, in order to avoid
loopholes that could be easily
exploited by the IUU fishing operators.
As far as the EU's role in multilateral
security organisations is concerned, it
has been said that the regulations
which make it possible for the European
Union to benefit from NATO funding
should be streamlined.
As has been said many times, we are
very close to achieving the goal, but
at the same time it is important that
we are successful in the voting today
and in July. I would also like to thank
Mr Kármán from the Hungarian
Presidency, who has done a splendid job.
As part of our preparatory work, the
Commission is exploring the idea of
candidate countries joining the
initiative after 2019. I would also
inform you that a number of cities in
other third countries have already
As regards our emerging strategic
partners around the globe, we have
witnessed recently how culture can
become an integral part of our external
relations. I am more committed than
ever to advancing further this very
important dimension of our European
As some of my fellow Members have
pointed out, if these points were to be
clarified, the Commission would be well
advised to consult the European
Parliament when issuing a mandate.
As such, its aim is to create a full
picture of when, where, how and on
which animals the antimicrobials are
actually used today, without creating
additional financial or administrative
burdens for farmers or other animal
owners, taking into account the fact
that farming practice and intensity is
different from one Member State to
As the protocol to the current
Fisheries Partnership Agreement will
expire in the future, the Commission's
intention to open renewal negotiations
with the other party is logical.
As we come into the autumn, we need a
serious examination, and we have put
down some 60 questions to the
Commission on this matter, with the aim
of identifying where we are getting
poor implementation.
As yet, the Canadian Government
believes this directive discriminates
between Canadian oil imports and oil
imports from other countries. I
consider the agreement to be too early.
Assistance must also be allocated in a
targeted manner, i.e. linked to climate
At a time when there are no watertight
compartments between countries, we need
to listen very carefully to the uproar
At the Council meeting on 12 May 2011
the Presidency plans to initiate
discussions on the various ideas on the
Schengen acquis which have been put
forward by the Commission in its
communication on migration of 4 May.
At the same time, European Union
countries must also be aware that it is
in their interest for Romania and
Bulgaria to join Schengen because they
will be able to make their own
contribution to the security of all
Member States and extend the Schengen
area, which is set to strengthen the
integration process within the European
Union and the common area of freedom,
security and justice.
At the same time, it is imperative to
ask misleading business directory
companies to cease and desist their
deliberately misleading business
activities, because they are contrary
to the spirit of the Union's
At the same time, we have also got to
grips with the problem of fraud, where
other countries are deceived.
Authorising and legitimising pollution
if it is economically viable for the
company is not a path to
sustainability. I believe that the EU's
priority should be to impose more
stringent measures on pollution caused
by heavy goods vehicles and to commit
decisively to rail freight.
Based on the opinion of the
Consultative Working Party of the legal
services of the European Parliament,
the Council and the Commission, this
report on the proposal for a Council
regulation on denominations and
technical specifications of euro coins
intended for circulation concludes that
the proposal in question is restricted
to the straightforward codification of
the existing texts without any change
Before a European Arrest Warrant is
issued, therefore, consideration should
be given to how serious the offence is,
what the expected penalty is and
whether there is a simpler way of
dealing with the matter.
Bosnians, meanwhile, are characterised
by great friendliness and hospitality.
I recently read the reminiscences of a
Polish student who took part in a
student exchange in Sarajevo - she did
not meet a single foreign student who
was there as part of the exchange who
did not like Sarajevo.
Brussels, which is considered by some
to be second only to Washington as a
mecca for lobbyists, needs proper
regulations and clearly-defined
principles of cooperation between
decision makers and representatives of
various interest groups.
But is he aware that, in his own
government, one of the first acts of
the Home Secretary, Theresa May, when
coming into office was to opt into the
European Investigation Order, which
means we now cannot opt out and will be
stuck with whatever comes through the
legislative sausage machine, because
this will be subject to qualified
majority voting and the final outcome
is something we cannot determine? Is
this another case of Tory double-speak,
where they speak out against the acts
of the European Union here but endorse
them back home in our own parliament?
But we know that Greece has no
intention of leaving the eurozone. I am
in constant contact with both the Greek
authorities and the main opposition
party and I know very well that they do
not want to leave the eurozone.
By being an inn, Cervantes meant lying
still, complaining that one is ignored
and remaining static.
By selecting the right way forwards in
the area of contract law, it is
possible to contribute in a significant
way to the better functioning of the
Single Market and to making its full
potential available to businesses
(especially small and medium-sized
ones) and consumers.
Can the Commission provide information
on consumer awareness of the quality
food schemes? How can recognition of
the PDO, PGI and TSG labels be improved
and made more relevant to consumers, in
particular, in Member States that have
few registered products?
Chemistry has made possible vaccines
and antibiotics that have doubled our
life expectancy, and it is key to
developing new energy sources and
Climate change is threatening European
forests, with an increase in forest
fires, with diseases passing from one
country to another and putting entire
species at risk, and with disasters
caused by extreme weather conditions.
Coming up with a viable solution to the
sovereign debt crisis and the need to
strengthen the euro, return to a path
of sustainable growth and create new
jobs depend on efficient coordination
between Member States and strengthening
the Stability and Growth Pact.
Commissioner, just like you, we want to
stick to the procedure ensuring that
this entire process is conducted
correctly, and we await the final
opinion of the Venice Commission,
although it is now clear from the
preliminary conclusions presented in
the Committee on Civil Liberties,
Justice and Home Affairs by the
Secretary of the Venice Commission, Mr
Markert, that the current Hungarian
constitution is, in a number of points,
controversial to say the least.
Conclusion number one reads: 'in
considering the direct causes of the
Fukushima accident, we see no reason
for curtailing the operation of nuclear
power plants or other nuclear
facilities in the UK'. Conclusion two
reads: 'in response to the Fukushima
accident, the UK nuclear power industry
has reacted responsibly and
appropriately, displaying leadership
for safety and a strong safety culture
in its response to date'. Conclusion
four reads: 'to date, the consideration
of the known circumstances of the
Fukushima accident has not revealed any
gaps in scope or depth of the safety
assessment principles for nuclear
facilities in the UK'.
Consider this: only a year ago, the
euro area Member States agreed on a
conditional loan package to Greece in
order to prevent a meltdown of our
Cooperation between the Commission and
Parliament is essential, not only for a
good start in shaping the proposal, but
also for a happy end to the
negotiations which are extremely
difficult in the present context.
Countless factors have a bearing on
this growth, which is not unconnected
to the deepening of the crisis of
capitalism and its social effects in
Croatia, as a candidate country for EU
membership, has a duty to adapt its
legal system to the system which is in
force in the countries of the Union. I
think that Croatia's participation in
the work of the European Monitoring
Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction is
extremely important, particularly
because Croatia is a transit route.
Currently, too many young people are
dropping out of school too early and
not enough are taking advantage of
Despite already being the object of
resolutions of this Parliament, the
last of which was in 2010, the old
request that the country of origin be
marked and that information be made
available about the origin of various
goods has been postponed.
Despite the success of this vote, given
the cross-border implications for the
safety and health of European citizens,
I regret the minor role that Parliament
has been given in nuclear matters as it
has only a consultative role in this
Do more in Syria and do not lend your
support to half-baked solutions.
Domestic workers are currently excluded
from the Maternity Leave Directive and
from any European legislation
guaranteeing the right to maternity
protection, and they are not even
covered by the Health and Safety
Framework Directive.
During the negotiations with the EU
Council of Ministers, the inclusion of
new provisions in the regulation was
very important, such as those requiring
the indication of animal-derived
materials in textile products and
conducting a study to determine whether
there is a causal link between allergic
reactions and chemicals or mixtures
used in textile products.
Early years education has far-reaching
implications on children's future
development and their chances of
success later on. Investments made
during this period reduce the costs
incurred later relating to health
matters, the crime rate and antisocial
Enforcement measures to correct
excessive macroeconomic imbalances in
Essentially, this prevents the creation
of an internal market in the European
Union that is more geared towards and
favourable to small business.
Europe needs an ever-growing number of
its school pupils and students to come
into contact with a new social,
educational and cultural model. I
believe that the mobility programmes
aimed at young people will successfully
bring about a real change in the
attitude of Europe's young people and
create a shared vision for them about
what Europe stands for, in areas from
education, science and research to
culture and our common values.
European companies have had improved
access to telecommunications, car
manufacturing, retail and the insurance
sector in Japan, and that has not
damaged the Japanese economy but has,
in fact, encouraged innovation and
development in Japan.
Evaluation is nothing if the results
are not presented, discussed,
questioned, and indeed either accepted
or sometimes rejected, by the very
stakeholders that it aims to serve,
and, of course, Parliament plays a
vital role in this process, not only
bringing to bear a broad cross-section
of experience from political and public
life but, just as importantly, from the
many fields of deep knowledge held by
Even though all of the requirements for
an inclusive, sustainable and
competitive Europe are included, there
is nevertheless no way in the world
that we could finance everything all at
once from the EU budget. I want a
realistic and implementable negotiating
strategy and this has not been
achieved, as no clear priorities have
been set in this report. I therefore
abstained in the final vote.
Everyone is free to react and criticise
the content, because everything works
out through debates and interchanges of
opinions in the European Union, and it
is true that many Member States have
criticised the content already.
Faced with this inevitable catastrophe,
the 2020 strategy had to aim at
increasing the attractiveness of
vocational education and training.
Finally, I congratulate Commissioner
Oettinger for finding a consensus on
the criteria and the practical details
of implementing the stress tests for
nuclear installations, which will
enable us to ensure the highest safety
levels in the world.
Finally, I would like to note how very
important it is for the Commission's
proposal to incorporate and rely even
more fully on the strategy document
'GDP and beyond: measuring progress in
a changing world'. A consistent,
systematic approach will perhaps be
more crucial than anything else in
efforts to improve the way quality of
Finally, in a context in which a
significant part of the economy depends
on multinational companies, there is
also a need for organisations to be
socially responsible.
Finally, the rapporteur also covered
one fundamental issue: opposition to
absolute strategic autonomy as the
final outcome of the CSDP.
Financial markets and institutions have
to take into account, as part of their
corporate social responsibility, the
interests of all parties involved,
including clients, shareholders and
First, the Commission calls on the EU
Member States to exercise a
proportionality test when they call for
an Arrest Warrant, and to fill the gaps
where their legislation fails to fully
comply with the framework decision
setting up the Arrest Warrant.
Firstly, minimum rules on the right to
interpretation and translation, which
were adopted already in 2010.
Firstly, we need to encourage the
mobility and attractiveness of cultural
factors, such as the mobility of
artists, cultural workers and works of
art and, secondly, we need to ensure
that specific funding and economic
support policies are put in place in
the cultural sector, such as access to
funds via the European Investment Bank.
Following the disastrous euro rescue
package, which simply involved the net
contributors taking a hit for the
mismanagement and corruption in a few
southern states, the plan is now to ask
the already overburdened citizens of
the net contributor countries to cough
For all these reasons, I shall be
voting in favour of this motion for a
For example, the report states that the
purpose of development policy should
not be to defend the EU's interests,
but rather those of the most vulnerable
populations on the planet.
For me, education must be a political
For that reason, it gives me great
pleasure to hear Commissioner Reding
say that Member States will be required
to exercise a proportionality test and
to take care not to issue arrest
warrants for minor offences.
For the time being, the Commission has
no plans to amend the framework
directive on occupational safety and
For this reason, I welcome the support
the EU has pledged in order to help
build this new state.
For us, it is not about making
transport more expensive, as has just
Fourthly, the coverage of other
important Union policies beyond
electronic communications: here, I am
talking about the environment,
transport or research and the need to
make a substantial amount of spectrum
From the outset, parents are thus seen
as incapable, irresponsible and
Furthermore I wish to emphasise here
what is, in my view, the most important
aspect of the agreement reached with
the Council, namely, the commitment by
the European Commission to present, by
30 September 2013, after it has carried
out a suitable impact assessment, a
report accompanied by legislative
proposals regarding indication of
origin labelling, traceability and the
use of new technologies.
Furthermore, if the free trade
agreement is to reflect each party's
level of development, it cannot
overlook such fundamental standards as
the prohibition of child labour, for
Furthermore, the EU's diverse cultural
landscape gives us the distinction of
being the most attractive tourist
destination in the world. I welcome the
concrete suggestions presented in this
report for the involvement of civil
society, artists, educators, students
and entrepreneurs in shaping the
content of external cultural relations.
Furthermore, this surveillance should
be broadened to prevent harmful
macroeconomic imbalances, with a
guarantee that, in future, it will go
beyond fiscal policy and that its remit
will be extended to early detection and
prevention of potentially harmful
economic imbalances, too.
Given his experience in this area, I
believe I can safely endorse his
evaluation, and his demands for
external border security.
Given the added value of Commission
aid, and the Commission's new role in
coordinating the Union's and the Member
States' development policy (Article 210
TFEU), the share of ODA channelled
through the EU budget should remain at
Given this and the importance of the
office of President of the European
Central Bank, I believe that Mr Draghi
fulfils all the conditions to perform
the mandate for which he has now been
nominated with skill and dedication.
Greening events dealing with the
environment in Pillar 1 must be clear,
properly designed and easy to measure,
and funding for Pillar 2 must be strong
Having consulted with the political
groups, I would like to submit to the
House the following proposed amendments
to the final version of the draft
Helping other countries to construct
stable democratic societies in
countries governed by the rule of law,
where human rights are observed and
freedom of speech is guaranteed, with a
solid judicial system, territorial
defence and armed forces, is a
commendable plan. I hope that we will
succeed in putting it into effect on a
wider scale, making even more efficient
High unemployment among young people is
one of the Commission's top priorities
and is one of my foremost personal
How can you talk about regional
cooperation programmes with third
countries when the democrats of Tunisia
and Libya are seeing us closing our
countries' borders? Is it possible to
talk about that? We cannot say
However, Article 51 of the Charter
states that its provisions are
addressed to the institutions, bodies,
offices and agencies of the EU, with
due regard for the principle of
subsidiarity, and to the Member States
only when they are implementing EU law.
However, I do not believe that the
register's primary aim is solely to
combat corruption as the instances of
corruption have, however, been very few
However, I voted in favour of the
tabled amendments, which substantially
mitigate the negative impact of the
proposal: safeguard clause, limit of
one year and the human rights clause.
However, and this concerns Mr
Stavrakakis, there is also a need for
improved cooperation with the other
funds in this area and, in particular,
the fund for rural development.
However, despite all the efforts of the
Commission to improve its impact
assessment as well as those that we
have made in this regard in the
European Parliament, the quality of the
impact assessment is still in need of
However, if we transfer more
responsibilities to the EU, expecting
it to finance ambitious projects,
while, at the same time, cutting
funding, then we will be guilty of
acting against solidarity within the
European Union because we will
encourage internal divisions in the
fight for funds, for example, in
However, it is also absolutely our duty
not to leave our producers high and dry
when it is through no fault of their
own that they have found themselves in
this situation that threatens their
However, just as we remember the
victims from the Baltic States, we also
think of the Armenians, who were
expelled from Turkey at the start of
However, some western German regions
require European aid, as do parts of
However, the choice made today
strengthens the cooperation between the
two parties, and promotes a partnership
capable of developing sustainable
fishing and of exploiting the resources
of Seychelles in a balanced way.
However, the reality in this and in
other sectors which have seen increased
liberalisation, such as rail transport,
belies these promises of benefits.
However, there are very many domains
which can contribute to synergies or
economies of scale: the European
External Action Service, humanitarian
aid and civil protection, pooling of
resources in defence, research and
innovation, major infrastructure
projects (especially in the areas of
energy and transport).
However, this must not result in those
countries and those farmers which
already have very ambitious
environmental programmes in the second
pillar being discriminated against by
this new approach. A solution needs to
be found here that is fair to both
However, we came to the view that we
needed to look a little more into what
was behind this case.
However, we will also need public
participation across national borders.
Hungary, Latvia, Romania, outside the
euro area, Ireland, Spain, Portugal,
the United Kingdom and Greece too,
apart from a break of four years, when
our lot were in. In other words, your
economic model does not work.
I also consider it very important to
support lifelong learning and
activities that are not just for young
people. I would definitely like to
emphasise equal opportunities for all,
not only in terms of gender equality,
but also for disabled or otherwise
disadvantaged people.
I am concerned that the current
budgetary constraints imposed on Member
States may lead to greater restrictions
on investment in research and
innovation, with obvious negative
effects on European growth and
competitiveness. I therefore call on
the Commission to consider leveraging
the resources of the common strategic
framework for funding these sectors,
particularly the research and
innovation sectors of the European
I am in favour of this own-initiative
report since it deals with promoting
corporate social responsibility as a
voluntary motivational tool designed to
stimulate business growth.
I am therefore in favour of the
creation of additional indicators for
measuring medium- and long-term social
and economic progress, for example,
indicators that take account of climate
change, biodiversity, resource
efficiency and social inclusion.
I am voting for this report because it
includes a range of concerns
highlighted by the Group of the
Progressive Alliance of Socialists and
Democrats in the European Parliament
(S&D), by acknowledging the limitations
of gross domestic product (GDP) and the
need to include additional indicators
to measure economic and social progress
in the medium and long terms. I would
also draw attention to the
establishment of clear and measurable
indicators that take into account
climate change, biodiversity, efficient
resource utilisation and social
inclusion, which could help lead to a
more inclusive society based on
knowledge, and to lower carbon
I believe it is, therefore, very
important that the final resolution
includes a clear call for full
effective investigation into the
European Union Member States'
complicity and their renditions and
secret detention programmes.
I believe that we are witnessing a
trend whereby national constitutions
are seen as an area where there is no
room for political debate among
European democracies.
I congratulate my colleague Mr Pieper
and all the rapporteurs for the
excellent report that was presented.
I endorsed adoption of the directive. I
think the decision to extend the
financing of Eurovignettes by external
costs, in other words, by the costs of
environmental pollution and noise, is
more advisable than the previous
version, which was restricted only to
covering the costs of road
I fully support Ms Pack's initiative
and I want to ask Parliament to support
it and to do everything we can to
include Sarajevo as a European cultural
capital. I believe that, if we all want
this, it absolutely can be possible,
because it would be very disappointing
if our ideas and common sense were to
be blocked by bureaucracy.
I have taken note of the assessment of
the report on the policy options
presented in the Green Paper and the
support for the innovative solution of
an optional instrument, which means no
harmonisation but giving consumers and
businesses a choice of having a
Europe-wide system. I have also seen
the support for an instrument
applicable in both B2C and B2B
transactions, which favours a material
scope covering sales contracts,
contracts for the supply of digital
content and some service contracts. I
have taken very good note of what has
been said by Parliament, namely, that
any future instrument, whatever it
looks like, should give consumers a
high level of protection in order not
to deprive them of the protection they
would otherwise enjoy under national
I hope that this kind of problem,
whereby the Council discharge has been
postponed by Parliament, will never
come up in the future again so I ask
that even during the Hungarian
Presidency we should have a political
discussion and agreement.
I particularly welcome the call for at
least 70% of budget funding to be spent
on territorial cooperation in
cross-border collaboration, on the one
hand, and for the funding for
territorial cooperation to be increased
from a level of 2.5% in the current
programming period to at least 7% of
total budget funding in the next
I should like to express my pride at
the European Parliament's broadly
favourable view in support of the
appointment of the new President of the
European Central Bank (ECB), Mario
I support the report on the mid-term
review of the Seventh Framework
Programme of the European Union for
research, technological development and
demonstration activities because I
believe that it truly reflects what has
been achieved, as well as existing
I supported today's report calling for
a joint register of lobbyists and
interest groups to be set up. This is a
first step towards greater transparency
in both the European Parliament and
Commission. A 'transparency register'
will improve ease of access for
citizens wishing to find specific
information regarding which
organisations and individuals have
contact with both MEPs and Commission
I therefore welcome the adoption of
this report, which represents a major
step forward in consumer protection. I
also welcome the option taken by the
Council of restricting this directive
to door-to-door and Internet sales - a
market that is expanding significantly,
but in which consumers still feel a
little lost - and I approve of the
simplification measures adopted, not
least the possibility of consumers, but
not companies, rescinding contracts by
I think this resolution on the EU-India
Free Trade Agreement should be rejected.
I voted against the potential adoption
of EU harmonisation of credit rating
agencies as the standards may vary, and
necessarily so, between Member States.
I voted for the report because the
transmission of pathogenic bacteria
carrying AMR genes constitutes a
particular threat to people, through
the intake of said bacteria and/or
through daily contact with animals. I
believe that commitment to research is
essential, as it contributes to the
development of antimicrobials as an
effective tool in the fight against
diseases afflicting both people and
I voted for this report because I
believe that the cultural and creative
industries should constitute an added
value for the Union. A European statute
for artists based on favourable working
conditions and tax regimes would
promote Europe as a dynamic and
challenging environment in which to
live and work, making it attractive to
skilled and creative individuals.
I voted for this resolution because the
statement identifies the main problems
and priorities for the EU in the new
Multiannual Financial Framework. I
should particularly like to emphasise
the call contained in the resolution
for the Commission to present proposals
for an effective and efficient EU
common agricultural policy (CAP), which
would more fairly distribute direct
payments between Member States and
farmers, and strengthen the link
between delivery of public goods to
society and support payments to
farmers. I fully support the call for
the funds allocated to the CAP in the
budget year 2013 to be maintained at
the same level for the next financial
programming period also, so that the
CAP can fulfil its expanded objectives
I voted in favour of granting 2009
discharge to the European Agency for
the Management of Operational
Cooperation at the External Borders of
the Member States of the European Union
(Frontex) because, as the report
states, its accounts and transactions,
taken as a whole, are shown in the
analysis to be positive, regular and
I voted in favour of the alternative
motion for a resolution on corporate
governance in financial institutions as
it tables proposals which would ensure
improvements in corporate governance
structures throughout the EU, taking
into account the fact that the
financial sector must respond to the
needs of the real economy, contribute
to sustainable growth and demonstrate
greater social responsibility.
I voted in favour of the report on the
Protocol extending to customs security
measures the Agreement in the form of
an Exchange of Letters between the
European Economic Community and the
Principality of Andorra, since it
encourages trade between both parties
while ensuring a high level of customs
security and consistency between the
agreement and the EU acquis.
I voted in favour of this document,
codifying Council Directive 80/181/EEC
of 20 December 1979 on the
approximation of the laws of the Member
States relating to units of measurement
and the repeal of Directive 71/354/EEC.
I voted in favour of this report
because I agree that demographic
changes and increasing longevity mean
that working lives will be more varied,
and retraining and participation in
lifelong learning have already become a
I voted in favour of this report, but I
think we should have been clearer and
stronger in our demands when it comes
to the mechanism of sanctions and
I voted to give discharge to Frontex,
but observe that the Court of Auditors
reported, for the second year running,
that the agency paid out amounts on the
basis of unilateral grant decisions
signed by the agency, while the rules
in force make no provision for this
type of instrument. I note that the
amount paid out was more than EUR 28
000 000 in 2009, and was EUR 17 000 000
in 2008. I welcome, nevertheless, the
agency's initiative, made in response
to the Court's observation, of signing
a framework Partnership Agreement with
Member State border authorities.
I want to raise one issue concerning
Article 17 in the proposed Convention,
which is about the role of agencies. I
think this is something that we really
should be looking at at European level
because, increasingly, it is being seen
as a weak link in many of the issues
I welcome the Council's annual report
and the efforts made to develop a
European foreign policy. I consider it
of the utmost importance to adopt a
position which is harmonious with the
Member States' foreign policies, since
such cohesion will lead to peace,
security, solidarity and conflict
prevention at international level.
I welcome the fact that Parliament is
particularly pressing for agreements
concluded by the European Union to
include mutual recognition of aviation
security and safety standards, as well
as better safeguards for the protection
of passenger rights.
I welcomed this document because this
report is a response to the
Commission's Communication on the
mid-term review of the autonomous
European Global Navigation Satellite
Systems (GNSS) (Galileo and EGNOS),
which assesses the process and
implementation so far and launches the
debate on its future governance,
exploitation and financing.
I would also like to call on the
Commission to concentrate more, when
performing impact assessments, on the
transparency of the entire assessment
process, to strive harder for its
independence, and not to aim for just
one solution to a problem in its
proposals, but to assess multiple
variant solutions to a specific
situation independently. I would also
like to call for a simplification of
the process of public consultations,
and an extension of the deadlines for
submitting concrete proposals,
including the possibility of submitting
proposals in all official languages of
I would like to ask what the position
of the European Commission is regarding
the restructuring of government debt.
I would like to make five comments.
I would like to urge the Commission to
speed up the gathering of research from
all Member States, but also to support
new research into antibiotics that
would be effective for humans and would
If Europe wants to successfully achieve
the ambitious objectives of the Europe
2020 strategy, which place particular
stress on innovation, research and
training, it will have to invest in
better qualified young people, opting
for forms of education that are more
geared towards future incorporation
into the labour market and paying
particular attention to knowledge that
really prepares young people for the
If courts in the European Union are now
ruling that Dublin II is to be
ineffective - in other words, that
refugees are not to be deported to
their states of first arrival - then we
must ask the Commission how committed
it will be to taking action against
those states that are obviously not
currently implementing the existing law.
If that is what we are being asked to
think, it really is unbelievable.
If the supply of energy resources is
not exploited as a political tool, if
it applies equal, transparent and
non-discriminatory rules to all market
players, if Russia makes an objective
choice to make use of our existing
mutual dependence in the field of
energy in a collaborative way, based on
specific, fair and legally binding
principles, we shall be able to speak
of a new era in the development of a
If we agree that the value of the
European Union is much more than the
sum of the 27 Member States that
comprise it, if we are in favour of
high quality, responsible agriculture,
if we want to achieve the Millennium
Development Goals, if we want to help
our Mediterranean neighbours in their
transition towards democracy, if we
want to keep investing in research and
innovation, if we want to carry on
fighting climate change and investing
in education, training and Erasmus
grants, if we still believe in the
cohesion policy as a tool for
sustainable development and solidarity
between our countries, and if we still
support, for example, trans-European
energy and transport networks - in
short, if we still want more Europe -
then we must call for a bigger budget
for the European Union.
If we fail - and I say we and I really
mean us all - they will simply say that
'Europe' has failed.
If we want to implement the instrument
efficiently, this naturally represents
a transfer of powers from the national
capitals here to Brussels.
If, today, we bring in economic
sanctions, we can expect that the
scandalous trials and the scandalous
repression will finally end, because it
is only this language which Lukashenko
Improving the Member States'
development and growth plans,
optimising the coordination of
budgetary policies and strengthening
the procedures for monitoring deficits
and national debt are just some of the
priorities to be pursued.
In 2013, 800 MHz will be freed up, in
2015, 1 200 MHz, and that is badly
needed if Europe wants to remain
amongst the global frontrunners.
In North Africa and the Arab world,
that destination will not be reached
quickly or without setbacks, but
building deep democracy is the only way
that destination will be reached at all.
In a speech on 7 April of this year,
your colleague, Commissioner Potočnik,
announced that, despite the Commission
having avoided this issue and done
nothing for many years, he intended
presenting a communication in the
autumn of this year in which he would
tackle the problem, in particular with
regard to implementation of existing
regulations and an improved inspection
system, as well as a broadening of the
In addition, I believe that if a Member
State would like to extend the scope of
application of European law to domestic
transactions as well, it should be free
to do so. It is very true to say that
this is not the solution to every
In addition, the package we put forward
last week urges rational reflection,
taking into account short-term needs
for strengthened external borders as
well as a broader approach to asylum
In anticipation of the White Paper, the
legislation now envisaged requires the
Member States and the Commission to
take the next steps towards a more
sustainable and interoperational
transport system, with a harmonised
charging system internalising more
In conclusion, therefore, I believe it
is necessary that the 2012 budget is
able to respond to the challenges
Europe is facing in a more concrete
In fact, Agriculture Ministers are
holding an extraordinary Council
meeting today to address E coli.
In fact, the ability to recreate
something offered to us and, on that
basis, give rise to something new, is
fundamental to the development of any
economy and, above all, to achieving
In its initial assessment of the
potential FTA between the EU and India,
the Centre for the Analysis of Regional
Integration at Sussex concluded that
any gains would depend on the extent to
which the text identified and dealt
with the key areas which the
Commissioner specifically mentioned,
such as government procurement,
services, investment in trade
In my country's constitution, there is
no mention of this issue, and so when
will the European Parliament be holding
a debate on the Italian constitution?
Moreover, it is rather strange because,
in my country, the only party that
wants to change the constitution is Mr
Berlusconi's centre-right party.
In my opinion, the establishment of
high quality international cooperation
in the fight against the illegal drugs
trade, not only at the European level
but especially at the global level,
would be one way to improve the
effectiveness of the fight against this
In my view, there will be no
multiannual budgets from 2014 onward so
long as those declarations from Member
States are not given.
In order to avoid red tape and
facilitate companies' access to
European funding, simpler and more
transparent procedures are absolutely
In order to prevent this crisis
becoming any worse, therefore, we need
to take action regarding the fisheries
sector's problems; swift and
far-reaching action.
In other words, with these problems of
a railway alternative, the truth is
that the agreement on the Eurovignette
is now imposing even greater burdens on
the transportation of products by road,
which, in the peripheral countries,
particularly in the south and in the
east, are products of little or limited
In particular, efforts should be made
to find a satisfactory solution to the
problem of rules of origin so that
products from other North American Free
Trade Agreement members do not follow
in the wake of Canadian products.
In practical terms, the conclusions
show that, while attention has been
focused on improving long-term
competitiveness, the objectives of
improving the environment, enhancing
quality of life and promoting
coordination and communication have not
been implemented strongly enough.
In response to rumours about a cut in
funding under the second pillar of the
common agricultural policy, I repeat
that I am in favour of guaranteeing
adequate financial resources for rural
In terms of horizontal agreements, it
is also important to align existing
bilateral agreements with EU law, so as
to ensure greater legal certainty,
increase transparency and provide
additional benefits in terms of
simplification, while ensuring that all
Union airlines will enjoy the same
In the European Union, we also have
countries that are facing the same kind
of difficulties because of very high
levels of expenditure.
In the communication, the Commission
suggests various new initiatives in
several priority areas for further
In the final analysis, irrespective of
all the transparency achieved, it all
comes down to the moral compass of each
Member of this House, as this dictates
what he thinks is right, whom he meets
and whom he decides not to meet, whom
he listens to and whom he decides not
to listen to. After all, people also
contact us using many other different
communication channels.
In the light of this, it is difficult
to understand why the conservative,
liberal and eurosceptic Members of this
House have blindly attempted to toughen
up the text proposed by the Commission.
In the plenary sitting of 6 April 2011,
the President announced, in accordance
with Rule 6(2) of the European
Parliament's Rules of Procedure, that
he had received a letter from the
National Anti-Corruption Department
(Prosecutor's Office of the High Court
of Cassation and Justice of Romania) on
5 April 2011 requesting the waiver of
the parliamentary immunity of Adrian
In the wake of the financial crisis and
the ongoing need to reduce budget
deficits across Europe, Parliament must
recognise that the cohesion budget
cannot continue to grow, unchecked.
In this context, I would like
particularly to refer to the debate on
origin labelling for slaughter cattle
which needs to be resolved, as well as
tariff-related and technical obstacles,
such as protracted approval procedures
In this regard, I confirm that I have
authorised my staff to continue down
our chosen path, because the Commission
has always supported origin labelling
both for products made in the European
Union and for those that are imported.
In this respect, I have to say that
your refusal and that of the Council to
allow the European Parliament to
participate in establishing
macroeconomic indicators through
delegated acts does not seem to me to
be the right approach.
In this sense, the report suggests a
single strategic framework for the
European Regional Development Fund
(ERDF), the European Agricultural Fund
for Rural Development (EAFRD), the
European Social Fund (ESF) and the
European Fisheries Fund (EFF). Ensuring
a common approach to these various
regional funds will also serve to
prevent overlapping and confusion for
those economic operators at regional
and local level who are interested in
receiving European funding for a
In view of the above, such a system
cannot be successfully introduced
without penalties, and without
restrictive penalties, as some have
In view of this change, the Committee
on Transport and Tourism decided to
draw up an own-initiative report with
the aim of setting out some general
principles on how air agreements should
be evaluated, covering both their
substance and the procedures the
Committee might adopt to ensure it is
well informed throughout the course of
negotiations, and has an opportunity to
express its priorities well before
being confronted with the yes/no choice
Increasing the pace of research and
innovation is crucial for introducing a
fair and competitive economic model,
ensuring jobs for the future, moving
towards sustainable resource
management, facing up to energy
challenges and stimulating a
knowledge-based society.
Indeed, my colleague, Mr Mann, referred
to the visit there: the previous
speaker is obviously not listening to
what is going on in this debate.
Indian railways - to give you an
example, 17 000 trains transport 18
million passengers every day, and there
are plans to build a further 25 000
kilometres of track in the next 10
years - are one of the many markets
that could potentially be opened up
with this free trade agreement.
Instead of being viewed solely as a
means of helping people to get better
jobs, upskilling must give them the
opportunity to shape the jobs of the
future and, hence, contribute actively
to an innovative economy.
International cooperation aimed at
promoting these countries'
self-sufficiency and independence is
the right path towards achieving social
and political peace at international
level, which will not only
fundamentally affect the beneficiary
populations, but will also lead to the
resolution of Europe's immigration
problems. I therefore support increased
European funding for this cause, as
well as the creation of a financial
instrument focused exclusively on it.
Is it possible to abandon penalties, or
is the penalty system a restrictive
system? Fifteen years ago, when I was
still a student, I learnt about the
convergence criteria, and their
It also costs our farmers a lot of
money and dangerously undermines
consumer confidence in our agricultural
products and agri-food industry, which
are still undoubtedly the safest and
most strictly controlled in the world.
It brings together in one policy cycle
the two arms of economic recovery:
financial stability that is based on
fiscal consolidation, reflected in
stability and convergence programmes,
and structural reforms for a smart,
sustainable, socially-inclusive and
job-creating growth.
It does not affect my colleagues in
Ireland or ourselves at all because
even though we are in the IMF - and we
are broke as a country - we are well
above the European average in GDP
terms; so whether there is an
intermediate category or not does not
It happens wherever people from
different countries meet and bring
together their various experiences: the
examples of this in Europe are very
numerous and it is good that we have so
much to say about mobility.
It has seen numerous conflicts since
its independence from the United
It is a guarantee of support for the
least-developed regions and
disadvantaged groups, leading to
balanced social and territorial
development in the Union, and a course
of action that has great significance
for the 27 Member States, which are
required to lay down strategic
territorial development guidelines
through the increasingly active
involvement of the social partners.
It is about providing the transparency
needed to know how Member States manage
themselves, so that we may send them
warning signals in time. I welcome the
fact that the European Parliament
followed this practice with close
attention; in this European semester we
encourage the Member States to maintain
stricter budgetary management, and, at
the same time, we lay down the basis
for the practice of seeking growth in
hard work and creativity.
It is also important that in order to
develop the linguistic competence of
deaf children, they must first learn
their mother tongue (sign language),
which will allow them to become truly
multilingual in the future.
It is also, of course, partly because
of the anticipated impact of the South
Korean free trade agreement on Japanese
exports, but I think that, in addition,
it reflects recognition of Japan's
limited experience with opening up.
It is clear that dividing the
competences of the committees creates
some areas of overlap between which it
is difficult to distinguish, so I
believe that this clarification is a
positive step and that the proposed new
wording will enable greater consistency
in using Rule 51 of the Rules of
It is down to the EU to preserve its
image by strengthening its commitment
to ITER and demanding that its partners
It is even more difficult when the
debtor is domiciled in another Member
It is important for Europe to make good
use of its potential in the process of
promoting itself in the world.
It is important to establish a European
Monetary Fund, managed under Union
rules and financed in particular with
the revenues from the fines, in order
to safeguard financial stability of the
It is inseparable from preventing
forest fires, disasters which decimate
extensive areas of forest annually in
southern Europe, particularly in
It is necessary to emphasise that GDP
is a measure of production and does not
reflect environmental sustainability,
resource efficiency, social inclusion
or social progress in general.
It is not only important for children,
for the very young children I have been
talking about and the young people that
my colleague has been talking about,
but it is also important for the future
of Europe. I therefore strongly support
what the Commissioner has said, that
Member States should now continue to
invest in education and should not be
using the economic climate to make
cuts, because making cuts in education
would be the worse possible thing to do.
It is obvious that today in Europe,
even the biggest Member States do not
have the necessary influence or
leverage to talk on an equal basis with
the United States or China and other
powers, but together, the European
Union can make a difference.
It is politically unacceptable and
economically dangerous for these
agencies, which have played such a
negative role in the present crisis, to
continue to have the right, granted by
the EU itself, to rate not only
companies, but also the economies of
It is something well thought out and it
is something that will lead to further
legislation and proposals in the light
of the European Council meeting in
June, which will have as a theme - also
planned for a long time - migration
It is therefore based on mutual trust
of the systems in force, whether in the
EU or in Canada, and provides for
obligations and methods of cooperation
so that the importing authority can
issue its own certificate on the
aeronautical product, part or appliance
without duplicating all the assessments
done by the exporting authority.
It is therefore obvious that President
Assad and his whole family need to be
included on the list - not tomorrow,
not the day after tomorrow, but today.
It is true that the review aims to
improve SMEs' access to financing, but
it fails to mention social and
environmental issues and does not even
refer to the European Commission's plan
for a Social Business Initiative,
announced for the end of this year.
It is very important, however, that
continuity of service is guaranteed, as
a (temporary) limitation or degradation
of GPS signals will have tremendous
effects on our economy and society,
without other independent GNSS systems
It is worth pointing out that the
definition of domestic workers in the
draft ILO Convention is very wide.
It must be based on the road map agreed
by the local players and must be
endorsed by the SADC, the African Union
and the international community.
It provides timely evidence of the
progress in implementation throughout
the EU-27 and promotes transparency of
measures through integration with the
Community's priorities.
It should also be taken into account
that non-recyclable nuclear waste must
not be exported to third countries.
It should introduce the financial tax
and Eurobonds. I therefore voted for
the Feio and Wortmann-Kool reports
while I abstained on the Ferreira, Ford
and Haglund reports and I voted for the
Goulard report (for Eurobonds). A
choice of votes that is intended to
reflect my very mixed feelings over
this package, which admittedly does
offer some steps forward but which is
still too poorly balanced: Europe will
be unable to continue to develop
without its people and therefore we
must debate solutions for the future in
It was also clear during the mission
that we made to Bulgaria and Romania,
and for this I would like to thank my
fellow Romanian Members, Mr Marinescu,
Mr Enciu and Mrs Weber, and my fellow
Bulgarian Members, Mr Kovatchev and Mrs
It will be a way for us to be able
genuinely to exchange best practices. I
believe that in the long term, this
will constitute one firm basis for
economic growth in Europe, but more
important than economic growth is to
remember that it is via this process
that people, young people, can grow as
individuals and Europeans.
It would be appropriate that, in areas
of exclusive competence, the EU should
be the pre-eminent actor, with full
membership, while the Member States
might also - but not necessarily - be
present as members, without, in most
cases, an independent role.
Its application must also guarantee
environmental and social
sustainability, and should not distort
competition between Member States.
Just one element of these costs is, of
course, EU over-regulation.
Ladies and gentlemen, the current
trends pose a threat to the future of
the EU and to the prosperity and
well-being of Europeans.
Last year, 2010, we reviewed the
existing situation of volunteering,
through bilateral meetings, surveys and
a dedicated conference in September
Lastly, for the future, we propose in
this report to double the amount of
research funding in order to create
this European research area, with the
help of the European Research Council.
Legislation coming from Europe has a
massive impact on the lives of those
living within its borders and we must
use every opportunity to ensure this
legislation is as fair and balanced as
Let me make it clear: a right-thinking
Member State such as the Netherlands
will never be able to agree with this
report. MEPs with a fresh,
freedom-loving vision should throw this
report straight in the bin.
Let us express our deepest respect for
all of the victims of expulsions and
deportations, but let us be united in
committing ourselves to continuing
European unification as the only real
guarantee against a policy that brought
so much misery to the people of Europe
and beyond during the last century.
Let us send a strong signal to the
European Commission and Europe's
agricultural producers, showing our
support for a fairer, simpler and more
Lithuania's goal of improving transport
infrastructure and accessibility (23%
of the entire allocation of Structural
Fund money), enhancing its R&D capacity
(22%), and supporting business
creation, depends on cohesion policy.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies
and gentlemen, we are going to give our
verdict at first reading on the draft
radio spectrum policy programme, and I
should like to thank the Commission for
having supported and transformed this
proposal, which was first tabled during
our debates on the telecoms package.
Madam President, I would like to ask Mr
Kirkhope this question because he
agrees that the European Arrest Warrant
needs review and re-evaluation - my
view would be a lot stronger than that,
Madam President, as I have already had
the opportunity to state to both the
Committee on the Environment, Public
Health and Food Safety and the
Committee on Agriculture and Rural
Development, I cannot but express my
disappointment at the failure of
conciliation, notwithstanding our best
efforts to find an agreement.
Madam President, it is untenable to say
that the constitution of a Member State
is a matter only for itself.
Madam President, the European Arrest
Warrant has become one of the most
successful instruments on mutual
recognition adopted within the European
Madam President, when the former
Managing Director of the International
Monetary Fund (IMF) came into office,
there were major question marks against
the relevance and effectiveness of the
Many of the provisions of this
constitution are very partisan, such as
the omission of protection of gay
people from discrimination and the
giving of extra votes to mothers.
Measures such as a European patent and
the European professional identity card
must be strengthened and applied widely
in order to strengthen competitiveness
Mention has already been made of the
short timescale for the trade
preference relaxation, reduced from
three years to one year: Pakistan is
prevented from maintaining or
increasing duties or charges within
More recent analysis conducted in 2010
shows that the costs of meeting the 20%
greenhouse gas reduction target have
fallen by at least one third compared
to the analysis made in 2008.
Moreover, in order to support their
business, I invite the European
Commission to implement the principle
of reciprocity and to think of new ways
of improving access by European
companies to public procurement outside
the Union, in order to ensure equal
conditions for European and foreign
companies who are competing for the
allocation of public contracts.
Moreover, the results achieved will
convince the whole of Europe that it
has successfully enhanced the security
of the entire Union.
Most of these increases coincide with
the areas with the highest level of
Mr Garriga Polledo's report sets out to
define the European Parliament's
political priorities for the
Multiannual Financial Framework for the
period after 2013, both in terms of
legislation and the budget.
Mr President, Commissioner Barnier is
currently in the United States meeting
with his counterparts and he has asked
me to convey to you the following
statement in reply to Wolf Klinz's
own-initiative report on rating
agencies, which was adopted by the
Committee on Economic and Monetary
Mr President, Commissioner, no one
could disagree with what you have said.
I wish to relate the trouble suffered
by a fellow Greek, who complained to me
about a similar misadventure as the
result of misleading advertising and
gave me all the relevant documents.
Mr President, I had the honour to be
the rapporteur in this House when the
European Arrest Warrant was approved in
Mr President, I would also like to
protest against the language being used
here, against terms of abuse such as
'populists', 'extremists' and the like,
for people who simply want to protect
the borders of their country.
Mr President, Mrs McGuinness made an
important point just now, namely that
there is a moral and ethical dimension
to this issue, given all the public
health, biodiversity and economic
concerns we have raised.
Mr President, first allow me to thank
the Committee on Budgetary Control, and
in particular the rapporteur Mr
Chatzimarkakis, for their excellent
cooperation and the report he has drawn
up, including the recommendation that
the budget for 2009 should be
discharged. I would also like to thank
Mr Staes for his report on the
implementation of the European
Development Fund, and Mr Stavrakakis
for his report on agencies.
Mr President, in this case, too, the
text is included in the voting list. I
would just like to make one comment:
the subject is the protest against the
condemnation of demonstrators in
Bahrain and criticism of that conduct.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen,
this report is a proper, reasonable
offer by Parliament to the Commission
and Council for the further development
of the budgetary basis of the European
Union in difficult times.
Mr President, thank you for your kind
words of solidarity.
Mr President, the long-running military
conflict between the government forces
and the armed groups of the Liberation
Tigers of Tamil Eelam, which has had
very cruel consequences for the
civilian population living in the
conflict zones, came to an end in 2009.
Mr President, this week's European
Council has a very substantive agenda.
Mr President, with regard to Camp
Ashraf, we can do nothing less than
join in the condemnation of the human
rights violations that have taken place
Mrs Harms and Mr Turmes, it is simply
not acceptable to spend your time
permanently complaining and heckling
and then, when you are called on to do
something, to vote against better
safety levels for nuclear power plants.
My colleague Mr Eickhout has
highlighted the numerous benefits to
the EU of having more ambitious
targets, and moves within this
parliament to reduce our ambitions will
be rejected by Europe's citizens.
My personal view is that it is
important, in this context, for us to
convey a clear message to the European
Union's other trade partners.
My vote in favour is based on the
wisdom of this report, which not only
embraces the innovations of the Treaty
of Lisbon in matters of foreign policy
and security, but also calls for
greater coordination between the
recently created European External
Action Service, the Member States and
Nevertheless, I urge the Executive
Director of the Agency to fully fulfil
his obligation to include, in his
report to the discharge authority
summarising the Internal Audit Service
(IAS) Report, all recommendations made
(including the ones which could be
possibly refused by the Agency) and all
action taken on these recommendations;
I call therefore on the Executive
Director of the Agency to provide
information on the content of the IAS's
four 'very important' recommendations
and the action taken by the Agency.
Nevertheless, we must make every effort
to ensure that these policies promote
the values and interests of the EU at
international level, with the general
aim of contributing to peace, to
security, to solidarity, to conflict
prevention, to the promotion of
democracy, to the protection of human
rights, to gender equality, to respect
for international law, to support for
international institutions, to
effective multilateralism and mutual
respect between nations, to sustainable
development, to free and fair trade,
and to the eradication of poverty.
No, this is a proposal that the
European Commission has made with
respect to the massive flooding in
Pakistan, time-bound for two years,
with the possibility of its being
continued for another year.
Not all MEPs are back in the Chamber
after the fire drill.
Now is perhaps the time, he said, for
Plan B - something, I hasten to add,
that the Committee on International
Trade has been looking for for a long
Now, in these turbulent times, a new
competent Managing Director must
therefore be appointed for an important
global institution such as this and the
process must be open.
Of course I can understand that the
increase in fuel prices could worsen
the problem, but the main reason for
the problem has always been overfishing
- the fishing over the set limits which
cannot leave stocks in a healthy state.
Of course, there is a group of
countries who are fiercely against it.
This was also very visible here during
the debate. I must just remind you that
on 15 October, the Council agreed on
the political compromise.
On 14 April 2011, the Commission
adopted a proposal for a decision on
the mobilisation of the European
Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) in
favour of Belgium, with a view to
supporting the reintegration into the
labour market of workers made redundant
as a result of the global financial and
On both sides, here it is not a matter
of supplying arms, but rather of
peaceful mediation between the two
On the contrary, until the spring
events, Azerbaijan was making
relatively good progress and was not
listed by Human Rights Watch among such
poorly-viewed states as China, Iraq,
Israel, Russia, Saudi Arabia or
On the other hand, I am convinced that
the cooperation and verification
mechanism - the famous CVM on which the
Commission will release a report in
July, dealing with the exact same
issues that were voiced in this debate
- could be helpful, even if officially,
it is not part of the conditions for
On the other hand, unilateral violation
of the agreement must be prevented at
all costs, since this threatens the
construction of a European area without
borders, which started in 1985.
On top of this, they have an essential
role in combating climate change due to
their capacity to absorb carbon dioxide
One final question: tax evasion.
One of the most controversial issues in
this debate is whether or not to
authorise the export of nuclear waste
to countries outside the EU. I clearly
supported the option of prohibiting
exports to third countries, contrary to
initial proposals. I also supported the
proposal not to allow exports of waste
other than for recycling, on the
express condition that they should
subsequently be imported back into the
EU. This position was supported by a
majority and I am glad of this.
One was the speech by a Member from the
United Kingdom of the Group of the
Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for
Europe whose party is part of the
coalition government in the UK. This
party was opposed to nuclear power
before the elections and supported it
afterwards and this is the person who
is criticising my thoroughness when it
comes to the stress tests. I can only
say that this speech would have been
more appropriate at the party
conference in London than it was here
Operators often seek to benefit from
inadequate inspections in order to get
round the ban and smuggle the waste
through other Member States where the
inspections are less rigorous, as you
Our cities are a central aspect of our
key European objectives, although we
must not ignore rural areas. I will
never get tired of saying that if we
are to improve energy efficiency we
must begin in the cities.
Our primary objective must be to ensure
high-quality and sustainable food
production in Europe and for our rural
areas to be active and vital.
Overarching frequency planning and
management at European level is,
without doubt, less appropriate for
achieving this goal, as the Commission
itself also stresses that this can be
carried out well and efficiently in the
individual Member States. A
coordinating role would certainly be
Parliament has just given the
Commission the green light to continue
talks with the WTO but has insisted on
restricting their duration and scope.
Parliament was the first European
institution to broach the subject of
the increasing number of lobbies at
European level, having launched the
register for representatives of
interest groups in 1996.
Parties should cooperate to establish
an information-sharing mechanism,
preferably coordinated by the Food and
Agriculture Organisation (FAO), in
conjunction with other relevant
multilateral and intergovernmental
initiatives, and to facilitate the
exchange of information with existing
databases relevant to the agreement.
Perhaps, the Commissioner could explain
once again when the Office will
actually be up and running.
Poor economic statistics could be one
of the reasons for the crisis.
Preventive actions are crucial in this
respect, as they allow for situations
to be prevented without ex post actions
having to be taken. I agree with the
report when it supports the
Commission's approach and extends the
use of reversed qualified majority
voting to block a Commission decision
Public acceptance and understanding are
nowadays an integral part of EU policy
and form the basis for the EU's
Rather, it is proof of the complex
situation in Egypt. I therefore believe
that close monitoring by the European
Parliament - especially through
Commissioner Ashton's statement - is
absolutely necessary.
Regarding the Southern Neighbourhood:
the European Council is expected to
endorse the new approach to relations
with the EU neighbours which was agreed
at Monday's Foreign Affairs Council.
Reinforced economic governance in
Europe is simply too important to fail
on this final remaining issue.
Respect for International Labour
Organisation standards, the principles
laid down in the European Social
Charter and social dialogue are just
some of the areas that can be discussed
on these occasions. I believe that the
report we have adopted offers sound
backing for these objectives.
Russia is one of Europe's most
important economic partners, not to
mention a neighbouring country on
which, inter alia, European energy
Second: the European Union will impress
upon Russia that more progress needs to
be made on agreeing substantial trade
and investment provisions, including on
energy, in the new EU-Russia Agreement
in order to provide a solid legal basis
for deepened economic cooperation in
Secondly, in the light of the call in
the report for steps to remove barriers
to mobility, I would highlight the fact
that a Council recommendation designed
to encourage Member States to do
precisely this is due to be adopted by
the Council in the coming days.
Secondly, the role of the Commission,
as highlighted by the Commissioner, is
praiseworthy; and, thirdly, the point
made by Paul Rübig that a new
regulator should oversee the stress
tests and any future power plants that
are built would be very sensible.
Serving the harmonious development of
the EU is one of the objectives of
cohesion policy, which is an
indispensable instrument for
reinforcing the economic, social and
territorial reality of Europe, as well
as an essential factor for the
realisation of smart and inclusive
growth as anticipated in the Europe
2020 strategy. I support this report as
I feel that territorial cohesion should
be adequately supported through the
allocation of greater structural funds,
and it is therefore right that the
share allocated to Objective 3 be
increased from the current 2.5% to 7%,
considering in addition that around
37.5% of the European population lives
Should we not draw lessons from what is
happening in what are called the Arab
countries and not demand of our Eastern
partners what we did not demand of some
governments, notably those of Tunisia,
Libya or Egypt? Should we not, Mr
Andor, see to it that democracy can
finally rule in those countries, that
we have minimum requirements in the
Since consultations on the horizontal
proposal concerning the country of
origin in trade policy have not ended
yet, it did not seem appropriate for us
to create a precedent that would
jeopardize the proposal and prejudice
the outcome of that debate.
Since these practices are carried on
across frontiers, it is very difficult
to bring those responsible to justice.
So I would like to thank everybody for
this useful debate once again, it is
good that now we have a schedule
concerning the future as well, and it
is very important for us that, as
several Members have indicated, we can
combat counterfeiting as efficiently as
possible and that the European consumer
can trust the traceability of textile
So this is a first data point for
evaluation, provided that we agree that
the target of the programmes is to
overcome the budgetary and economic
crisis and not to create a culture of
punishment leading to euro-scepticism
So, integrating training and education,
infrastructure around housing
programmes, opportunities for small
businesses to grow, working with UN
women - as I am - to consider how we
build safer communities around the
housing projects, how we work together
to design a much bigger, grander vision
that is built upon what the Egyptian
people want. I am talking to the
Foreign Minister of Egypt, Al-Araby,
who is committed to working closely
with us on the Middle East Peace
Process, keen to develop the strength
of the relationship that we already
have, and keen to see us as partners in
collaborating in the region.
Some members of the currency union are
paying for the irresponsibility or
adventurism of others, and a move
towards greater transparency and
clearer budgetary rules leading to the
avoidance of long-term problems in our
countries has therefore become
South Sudan must be enabled to
establish itself as a viable sovereign
Stigmatisation and incitement to hatred
on the grounds of religious
affiliations are considered offences in
France and this situation is equivalent
to flagrante delicto.
Such action should include brokering an
agreement between Rajoelina and
Ravalomanana, allowing the former
president to return to Madagascar
without any risk or prejudice.
Surely we are not going to allow the
will of two Heads of State to
jeopardise one of Europe's greatest
Temporary emergency measures are needed
that will enable European fishers to
overcome their difficult economic
situation, but the Commission should
also draw up a medium- and long-term
plan aimed at improving fuel efficiency
in the fisheries sector, including
Thanks to these and strict adherence to
the rules established by the new
Stability and Growth Pact, I am sure
that the EU will gain in strength and
will be able to face new challenges
without assistance policies and, worse
still, outdated slogans that lead
nowhere and do only damage, especially
among the weakest members of society.
That is also why we need a genuinely
and effectively functioning mechanism
to identify and correct macroeconomic
imbalances, in order to prevent the
kind of crises we have seen, for
instance in Ireland or the credit boom
we have seen in Spain.
That is the core of the problem, and
now we are living out the consequences
and we are at a turning point.
That is why I agree with the rapporteur
that it is time to act now and to see
what positive action we can take.
That is why it is so important to
promote freedom of movement for workers
That is why we in the Group of the
Greens want the EU2020 objectives to be
fully binding in the Stability and
Growth Pact and in the reports, and
also the deficit and debt objectives.
That really is my huge topic right now,
so I urge the Commissioner to please
keep on track and focus also on the
future, to create something like a
statute for internships which
establishes rules against exploitation
That, of course, includes access to
social security, health and safety
protection and maternity protection, as
well as provisions on working and rest
The Action Plan on Global Navigation
Satellite System (GNSS) Applications
outlines the steps that are essential
to the GNSS passing a turning point and
guaranteeing project success.
The CETA will also cover regulatory
barriers such as sanitary and
phytosanitary measures, customs
procedures and competition rules.
The Commission for Petitions regrets
the fact that Directive 2006/114/EC on
misleading and comparative advertising,
which is applicable to
business-to-business transactions,
seems either to fall short of providing
effective counter-measures or to be
insufficiently implemented by Member
The Commission is analysing the results
of the public consultation and then it
will prepare a detailed impact
assessment to see what should be the
next step that, in times of crisis,
will be good for giving a boost to the
Internal Market and creating growth and
jobs in the Internal Market by
expanding the markets, mostly for SMEs,
and giving consumers the possibility of
better choice and better deals.
The Commission must therefore put
pressure on the Member States to
persuade them to assume responsibility
for the funds that the EU allows them
The Commission therefore very much
appreciates Parliament's approach,
focusing on the long-term benefit of
investing in early years learning.
The Commission's stand is marked by
confusion, cover-up and panic and, as a
result, we are mourning lives, we are
mourning cases of illness and we are
mourning the consequences to
agricultural production.
The Confederal Group of the European
United Left - Nordic Green Left agrees
with the general parts of the
resolution, but has serious doubts over
the points specifically mentioned, and
therefore will not support the
The Council should also participate in
the common register, which should be
made mandatory and serve as a dynamic
instrument in guaranteeing the
transparency of the decision-making
The Digital Agenda and the digital
economy represent one of the most
important objectives of the EU 2020
strategy, aimed at closing the digital
gap, and increasing the productivity,
cohesion and competitiveness of
European industry, and ensuring better
access to the single market for the
EU's consumers and companies.
The EU cannot forget its role in every
respect as a leading actor on the world
The EU is an ageing society, and
therefore the influx of migrants should
not be regarded only as a threat to
European labour markets.
The EU should support the initiatives
of young and talented people to promote
particular political strategies. A good
example of such activity is the website
Eastbook.eu, whose founders supply
thousands of Internet users every day
with information about events in the
countries of the Eastern Partnership
and the progress of the programme.
The Europe 2020 strategy has been
agreed, its priorities are clear and
its objectives are measurable.
The European Commission worked around
the clock to be able to issue a
positive report on 10 June. I can
assure you that both the Croatians and
the Hungarian Presidency have been
working day and night to make this
The European Parliament and the Council
invite the Commission, when drawing up
the report pursuant to Article 24a of
the regulation, to consider their
impact on possible new labelling
requirements including with a view to
improving the traceability of textile
products'. That is all and now the
Minister will nod I hope.
The European SME Week in October will
be a good opportunity to work together
to raise awareness of SME policy and
the needs of SMEs everywhere in the
The European Union must have greater
political strength and not just
The European Union, through its funding
for research and innovation, and
through its support to agriculture but
also to regional development,
contributes in a very tangible manner
to boosting the European economies.
The Fund must concentrate its efforts
on creating employment, promoting
lifelong learning, helping in
particular low-skilled workers, those
outside the labour market, along with
the most vulnerable groups, those who
suffer discrimination and, of course,
The ILO plays an essential role on the
international scene by drawing up,
promoting and translating these
standards into reality.
The Member States are currently
implementing tough national budgetary
consolidation policies, and these
policies have to find an important
balance between the need to tackle the
crisis and the need to relaunch the
economy and investment.
The Parliament was the first European
institution to address the phenomenon
of an increasing number of interest
groups at European level and,
especially, the consequences of this
evolution for the legislative process.
The Schengen acquis is, therefore, a
fundamental instrument for the legal
economy, and I am convinced that on 24
June this year, the Council will take
important points for reflection from
what is intended to be a strengthening
of trust and collaboration between
The Structural Funds are one of the
main tools for implementing the
economic and social policy of the Union.
The UN's Darusman report, which is the
immediate pretext for this debate,
states clearly that in those final
stages, the LTTE used the civilian
population as human shields,
intensified the forcible recruitment of
civilians, including children, into its
ranks, executed civilians who attempted
to escape the conflict zone and
deployed artillery in proximity to
displaced civilians and civilian
installations such as hospitals.
The abolition of internal border
control is particularly important for
the entire European Union and each
Member State individually.
The adverse scenario proposed by the
banking authority, the EBA, envisages a
significant shock in the form of price
fluctuations of sovereign debt and the
cost of its financing.
The aim is to lay down rules regulating
the content, presentation, examination
and monitoring of stability programmes
and convergence programmes, as part of
the multilateral surveillance to be
carried out by the Commission and the
Council at an early stage.
The alignment of study programmes and
corresponding mutual recognition must
be achieved in all areas of training
and education, in particular, in manual
trades, where there is a lot of ground
The arrangement of higher duties during
peak hours, compensated for during
off-peak hours, is now much better
elaborated than in the Council position.
The basis for this is the mutual
recognition of qualifications and
courses of education and training. I
abstained from the vote on this report
as it fails to propose any tangible
solutions to the issue of how mutual
recognition is to take place where, of
course, in many fields, there are
qualitatively highly differing methods
of education and training.
The changes made to the common
agricultural policy will therefore not
be merely qualitative - improving the
targeting of our objectives - they will
also aim to distribute payments among
the Member States - both within the
Member States themselves and among the
various categories of farms - precisely
in order to make better use of the
available resources in terms of the
objectives that have been set.
The common register will be a step
forward towards greater transparency in
the European institutions, which
hopefully will help give the European
project greater legitimacy in the eyes
The conservation of forest heritage
represents an important contribution to
the welfare of populations, as well as
contributing to job creation in rural
The credit cards of the main local
organiser of the civil society event -
which is, by the way, the first ever
linked to an EU-Russia Summit - have
been blocked (for technical reasons, of
course), and her car licence plates
have mysteriously disappeared.
The current economic, financial and
social crisis has demonstrated that the
European Union's current economic
governance model has not worked: the
surveillance framework has shown itself
to be very weak and the rules of the
Stability and Growth Pact have not been
respected. I therefore support the
package of measures that the European
Commission has tabled on economic
governance. I am voting for the Ford
report on requirements for budgetary
frameworks of the Member States. I
welcome the fact that the regulation
will be applicable to all EU Member
States. I would stress the need for
means of independent oversight to be
established. I welcome the possibility
that governments that have just come to
power might have the right to update
their budgetary framework in the medium
term to reflect new political
The debate has, above all, been a high
quality one and it has focused on the
following: we want to strengthen and
maintain our current mobility
programmes which are part of the
lifelong learning and Youth on the Move
The detention camp in Guantánamo Bay
is a reflection of this tragic
The directory companies play on that
The economic and financial crisis has
exposed and reinforced the need for
coordination and improved surveillance
of economic policies within the
economic and monetary union.
The emerging powers and the emerging
economies of this world are not waiting
for Europe to split into its
constituent parts, from large parts
like Germany down to very small parts
like Malta, in the belief that each
individual part will be able to survive
on its own - the renationalisation
rhetoric that many politicians are
giving their people.
The examples in North Africa make us
realise now that the EU's need for
military preparedness and capability at
the gates of Europe remains a fact.
The fact is that even now the lobby
register only covers 2 800 of the 20
000 lobbyists in Brussels.
The failure to conclude this dossier
came despite a number of positive steps
achieved on the issue of cloning during
the last months and hours of
The financial year 2010 showed clearly
how sensitive and important the
publication of results is in terms of
The first thing I want to say is that
some Members of this House need to show
a little humility and a little common
sense, because they make it appear that
they are the only ones that have ever
thought about nuclear safety and the
only ones who are worried about the
future of their children and humanity.
The fundamental aspect of European
culture is that it is not intended to
be promoted in external relations in a
simplified way, but as something
vibrant and alive thanks to its
particular features.
The government of Sri Lanka and the
Commission have set up the LLRC to
investigate human rights allegations.
The impact assessment instrument
presented by the rapporteur is a good
way of improving the quality of law
making at European level.
The information is intended to provide
a basis for analysing the demand for
drugs, ways of reducing it, and the
drug market in general.
The intransigence, in the past, of
those who handled the European
Constitution prevented us from
institutionalising European referenda.
The key factor to achieving this goal
is for developed countries to want to
open their markets to developing
countries, which also includes India.
The legal protection offered by the
bilateral investment treaties (BITs) is
important in ensuring that businesses
are encouraged to take the step of
investing abroad, which can cost many
The main objective of the Agreement is
to minimise the duplication of
assessments, tests and controls, unless
these reflect significant regulatory
differences, and to enable both the EU
and Canada to rely on each other's
certification systems.
The measures put to the vote today seek
to strengthen the instruments that are
not working, and therefore it is
essential that they are put into
The most effective way we can promote
development is to enable people to help
themselves. I therefore welcome the
abolition of customs barriers - no
matter how temporary - and I am
confident that this transitional period
will allow us to evaluate the process
proposed by the Commission.
The natural disaster suffered by the
people of Pakistan last August touched
all of us and deserves the solidarity
of the European Union.
The new Hungarian constitution is an
important instrument for clearing away
the ruins left by eight years of
corrupt and inept Socialist governance.
The new regulation on macroeconomic
surveillance should deal with these two
The next item is the report by Mr Dess,
on behalf of the Committee on
Agriculture and Rural Development, on
the CAP towards 2020: meeting the food,
natural resources and territorial
challenges of the future.
The objectives set in the Digital
Agenda in the form of broadband cover
for all European citizens by 2013, and
high-speed cover of 30 Mbps or more (up
to 100 Mbps for half of European
households) by 2020, must be regarded
as the minimum, and the ambition should
be for Europe to have the best capacity
and the highest broadband connection
speeds in the world.
The opportunities offered by public
funding, particularly the Structural
Funds, are not fully exploited.
The payments should include as few
exemptions as possible, and should
apply to the so-called external costs
of road transport, including noise and,
above all, emissions. I am frankly
curious as to how the individual states
will justify their unwillingness to
introduce payments, at least under
Table 1, which is a very watered-down
version of what genuine
environmentalists want.
The positives are that transaction
costs are low, that partner countries
have an increased responsibility for
themselves and that there is a better
dialogue between partners and donors.
The principal goal of the 'Youth on the
Move' initiative is to promote youth
mobility and to break down barriers
that are still standing in its way.
The process must be evidence-based,
impact-assessed and with full
parliamentary involvement, and on that
basis, as I have said, the time for
talking is over and we need to move
The proposal is based on the Euratom
Treaty and, in particular, on the
guidelines provided in the report
'Assessing Euratom - 50 years of
European nuclear energy policy'. The
rapporteur identifies four main
priorities among the amendments tabled
in the draft report for consideration
by the members of the committee.
The proposed strengthening of the
European Defence Agency would not mean
a genuine increase in the level of
security in the EU, but merely the
creation of another bureaucratic
monster, incapable of performing the
tasks assigned to it. Who would take
the decision to mobilise European armed
forces? Whose interests would their
units be acting in? How much of a say
would the new Member States have? Would
the EDA's headquarters be relocated?
Fears have also been voiced regarding
institutional matters, such as whether
growth of the EDA would not result in a
reduction in the size of certain Member
States' armies, and whether there would
be a clash with the remit and
objectives of the European External
The qualities that these frequencies
possess in terms of coverage and
penetration of buildings are
universally recognised: they are called
The rapporteur introduces the key idea
of creating a union between all
Europeans for innovation.
The reality is that this proposal will
have a disproportionate impact upon the
peripheral Member States in the
European Union, such as Ireland, as
centrally located Member States have
the option of switching to rail.
The refugee problem cannot be
automatically resolved by returning to
a regime of border controls.
The report also fails to mention the
withdrawal of sovereign debt from the
agencies' ratings, which is the main
measure that could be taken in this
area to combat speculation against the
The report calls for the strengthening
of basic employment standards, which
are enshrined in the conventions of the
International Labour Organisation,
including freedom of association and
collective bargaining, the elimination
of forced and compulsory labour, the
elimination of discrimination in the
workplace and the abolition of child
The report is divided into five parts:
security and foreign policy, security
and defence, external and internal
security, security through operations
and security in partnership.
The report sets out various priorities,
some of which are important and others
less so, but in any case, they are all
The request to increase the post-2013
EU budget by 5%, and therefore to
increase the total European Union GNI
from 1.06% to 1.11%, corresponds to a
desire to honour commitments made to
support growth and development, first
and foremost, the Europe 2020 strategy,
for which adequate resources are needed.
The restoration of the rule of law in
Madagascar is an absolute priority and
requires the organisation of free,
transparent and democratic elections
supported by international aid and,
first and foremost, the European Union.
The rights of the emerging economies
mean that it is in the fundamental
interest of the European Union, its
citizens and its Member States for us
to be more united and thus more
effective in advancing our causes and
our interests on the global scene.
The scrapping of this symbolic euro on
the altar of national self-interests
and budgetary austerity illustrates
Europe's moral and political failure.
The severely exploitative and
discriminatory conditions under which
many of those engaged in domestic work
operate are well known.
The sovereign debt crisis will not be
solved until the bank crisis is solved
- and the bank crisis will not be
solved until markets are confident in
providing capital and liquidity to
The substantive difference lies in the
fact that this report makes no
reference to the origin marking to be
included on textile product labels.
The terms values and interests must be
compatible, not exclusive in our
The time has also come for the EU to
use effective and creative measures to
implement the aims set out in the
Europe 2020 strategy, such as reducing
the school drop-out rate to under 10%
and ensuring that 40% of young people
are educated to university level.
The two principles that define Europe
are solidarity - we stand by this - and
a sense of individual responsibility -
that the Greek people and all those who
receive acts of solidarity also take
responsibility themselves.
The volume of toxic waste is
continuously increasing in the EU.
Because of the high cost of recycling
and disposing of waste, there is an
enormous temptation to ship this waste
to countries with less stringent
environmental controls and lower
disposal costs. I am pleased to find
that this problem is accepted by all
sides of the House and hope that
Parliament will take a concerted
approach to this issue.
Their conservation represents an
important contribution to the welfare
of populations, as well as contributing
to job creation in rural areas.
There are also other aspects that I
want to highlight here, which concern
There are other ways of showing
solidarity: more effective forms of
aid, aimed at re-establishing the
affected areas and improving the living
conditions of the affected people;
based on a policy of effective and
lasting development cooperation and
aid, which supports the integrated and
sustainable development of local
There could be a major event where
Member States, under very clear
circumstances, need to do this.
There is a large and growing resident
population of foreign hauliers using
foreign vehicles and paying only their
own countries' modest vehicle charges
who are taking more and more domestic
There is also a need for enhanced
market access, including the
modernisation of the standardisation
system within the EU, and for better
access for small and medium-sized
enterprises to public procurement
There is no doubt that the scale of the
economic meltdown in Greece, coupled
with the risk of a similar crisis
hitting many other Member States,
urgently requires a strategy to prevent
such a disaster from happening again.
There is precious little time and there
is a heavy responsibility on the
European Commission, and certainly more
now on the Member States, who are
weakening and backing off from what
they promised initially after what
There needs to be a rapid and adequate
exchange of information through the
Schengen Information System (SIS), good
police cooperation and effective
controls in place at the external
There will thus be more opportunity to
adapt interventions according to the
demands of each Member State.
Therefore, I do not quite understand
the Commissioner's criticism of some of
the compromises that are being tabled
again here, as we refer to the Treaty
and you are the ones who interpret how
it is to be applied.
Therefore, as a Parliament, we need to
be clear on what our priorities are and
be prepared to fight for them.
Therefore, our resolution calls
urgently on all EU institutions and on
the Member States to do everything
possible to prevent Mr al-Nashiri from
Therefore, there would only be limited
political support from Member States
for a proposal that could lead to an
increase in public expenditure.
Therefore, with proper use of the
arrest warrant, proportionality, strict
application of the instrument, better
exchange of information and training on
European issues for magistrates, we are
sure that uniform application of this
important instrument can be achieved in
These are the latest steps in this
process of interference and extortion,
which is openly colonial in complexion.
These deportations were chiefly
designed to deprive Estonia, Latvia and
Lithuania of their social and political
These issues are the subject of other
evaluations, such as the European
Commission's Cooperation and
Verification Mechanism. I want to
welcome also the suggestions made by
Commissioner Malmström yesterday
regarding a new package of
anti-corruption measures.
These provisions of the partnership
thereby make it possible to operate in
conjunction with local authorities,
creating important jobs; they also
permit Europe to be present in
otherwise prohibited areas, thereby
facilitating the development of
practices of 'good fishing' and making
it possible to monitor the presence and
quantity of the fish stocks concerned.
These two proposals to amend directives
are crucial to the survival of European
manufacturing companies.
They are not ready now, and they never
They have demonstrated that they are
ready to join, that they have made the
necessary progress, and hopefully there
will very soon be a possibility to
achieve a way forward and a decision by
They only asked for one thing.
They will then be fleshed out in 2012.
I want to urge the Commission to really
give this a high priority and not allow
it to depend on the Member States,
which are too slow to put the right
Thirdly, the programmes in both Greece
and Ireland are still in the relatively
This Eurovignette is only a tiny step
forward towards that goal.
This also affects our assistants, and
it has come to my attention that our
assistants are much more indignant than
even the Members. I would therefore ask
the assistants, who work very hard in
Parliament, also to understand the need
This can only be achieved if not only
the tariff barriers but also the
non-tariff and technical barriers to
This creates legal uncertainty for the
victims, as they often do not know what
the legal status is of such contracts
This draft Council decision on the
conclusion of the Agreement between the
European Union and the Republic of
Croatia on the participation of the
Republic of Croatia in the work of the
European Monitoring Centre for Drugs
and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) is
important as Croatia is one of the main
entry points for drugs in Europe.
This grants the Commission discharge in
respect of the implementation of the
budget of the Eighth, Ninth and Tenth
European Development Funds for the
financial year 2009.
This hell-hole must be shut down
immediately with all of the current
detainees having access to fair trial
before a civilian court, all of the
secret CIA torture prisons in Europe
must be shut down, the use of Shannon
airport in Ireland for military and
rendition flights by the CIA must be
ended, and the barbaric death penalty
must be brought to an end.
This is a balanced approach, as the
opinion recognises the progress made by
these two countries in terms of the
criteria which must be satisfied for
integration into the Schengen area
(control of land, sea and air borders,
visas, police cooperation, readiness in
terms of connecting to and using the
Schengen Information System and data
protection), but also requires regular
progress reports on certain issues
which are considered to be outstanding.
This is a problem of recognisability,
of traceability and of inadequate
controls at EU level.
This is also reinforced, however, by an
attempt to legitimise the system of
sanctions, with an attempt to include a
system of incentives.
This is because, in my opinion, the EU
should refrain from imposing social
prerogatives on third countries,
however correct or beneficial they may
deem them to be. Whilst I accept the
importance of fostering humane methods
of treating a workforce, social policy
in the EU has already wreaked havoc on
a number of UK institutions and should
not be extended. A degree of
flexibility and freedom is needed when
dealing with social policy, as
one-size-fits-all policy making can be
counterproductive when applied at
This is my 12th discharge exercise. I
believe this must be the first time
that we have worked together in such a
constructive spirit; not only
Commissioner Šemeta, but also
individual commissioners in charge of
their own remits have really invested
time on this discharge.
This is part of the campaign consisting
of promotion material showing a foetus
with the words 'Let me live', with the
Commission's logo. I made it very
clear: this campaign is not in line
with the Progress programme and it is
not in line with the project proposal
submitted to the Commission services by
the Hungarian authorities.
This is the case at the moment in
Romania, even in the region I come
from, with regard to the radioactive
landfill from the Kozloduy power
This is to defend the immunity of Mr de
Magistris, as in giving the interview
in question Mr de Magistris was acting
in performance of his duties as an MEP
and carrying out political activities
by expressing his opinion on a matter
of public interest to his constituents.
This is why I supported Mrs Niebler's
report on the necessary changes to
impact assessments, particularly
regarding the introduction of an
independent mechanism.
This is why we also need to look at the
European budget as part of one system:
both for economic governance and for
managing the single currency.
This kind of action is totally
This means that, in many situations,
GDP can increase while the majority of
a country's citizens become poorer,
because GDP does not take into
consideration the level of inequality
This new directive, which comprises the
fusion of four already existing
directives, aims to give new impetus to
completing the internal market by
removing legal obstacles to
This point was made several times just
This proposal was tabled by the
Commission at the express request of
the European Council in the immediate
aftermath of the floods that hit
Pakistan in the summer of last year and
brought widespread devastation to the
country and to its people.
This report advocates the creation of a
single strategic framework for the
European Regional Development Fund
(ERDF) and the other Structural Funds,
particularly the European Agricultural
Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and
the European Fisheries Fund (EFF), for
the next financing period after 2013,
along with its coordination with other
instruments of the external aspects of
This report contains several proposals
to achieve this: the proposal to
designate a person in every EU
representation in third countries, for
example, to coordinate cultural
relations and interaction between the
EU and those countries, or the proposal
that the draft European External Action
Service (EEAS) organisational chart
contain posts tailored to cultural
aspects and that a coordination unit be
set up. Moreover, it seems opportune
that third countries be involved to a
greater extent in EU programmes devoted
to culture as much as mobility, youth,
education and training: the
accessibility to these programmes on
the part of young nationals of those
countries must be facilitated.
This report is on the cultural
dimensions of the EU's external
actions. I agree with the rapporteur in
that we need a common strategy for the
This report relates to the proposal for
a directive of Parliament and of the
Council on indications or marks
identifying the lot to which a
foodstuff belongs, in a codified text.
This report, drafted by our fellow
Member, Mr Coelho, concerns the draft
Council decision on the full
application of the provisions of the
Schengen acquis in the Republic of
Bulgaria and Romania.
This revision is also a first step
towards the reintroduction of fair
competition between European road
hauliers, since some Member States,
such as France and Germany, already
apply the 'polluter pays' principle and
want the EU to extend it to all the
This sort of reform and change to the
selection process would correspond to
the reform of the IMF, which would also
correspond to the changes in global
economic relations and would give the
developing countries a chance to bring
their experience with the IMF to bear
in the further development of the IMF.
This vote is the fruit of two years of
discussions with consumer and
professional associations, and it is,
in particular, a major victory for the
European Parliament which remained
united around this issue.
This will be made possible in
particular by expanding online
administration and the one-stop shop in
line with the recommendations made in
This will provide consumers with more
comprehensive and truthful information
than under current legislation on
origin marking and avoid them being
This, coupled with the 25th anniversary
of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster,
which struck Ukraine on 26 April 1986,
is a reminder to European leaders of
their responsibility regarding nuclear
Three exercises co-financed with funds
from our financial instrument for civil
protection had a radiological
component, namely TORCH, which dealt
with an accident resulting in mass
fatalities and its simulation, CREMEX,
which involved a mass contamination in
the form of a dirty bomb, and
SISMICAEX, implemented one year ago,
which dealt with a nuclear accident
caused by an earthquake.
Throughout the world, and in poor
countries in particular, domestic
services are among the lowest paid jobs.
To Mr Verhofstadt, I have to say this.
To begin with, I consider it essential
that this new instrument continue to
prioritise achieving the Millennium
Development Goals (MDGs). In order to
achieve this aim - specifically, the
eradication of poverty - it is
essential that any future instrument be
provided with realistic and adequate
financial resources.
To get to the heart of the matter, the
energy mix remains a matter for the
national governments and parliaments.
To that end, the EU must make the
necessary resources available to both
countries to support social services
such as education, health, agriculture,
food security and institutional
capacity building, and it should
maintain this humanitarian aid for both
countries after 9 July, the date on
which South Sudan will officially gain
Today in the European Parliament, we
voted on the Coelho report on the
application of the provisions of the
Schengen acquis in Bulgaria and Romania.
Today, Parliament adopted the amended
text of the Consumer Rights Directive
of my fellow Member, Mr Schwab. I
welcome the adoption of this directive
which will contribute to strengthening
the platform of common consumer
protection regulations, in particular
with reference to the sale of goods
online. I also welcome the fact that
the legislator has allowed the Member
States to include provisions that are
more favourable to consumers in their
respective national legal systems.
Together with the Federation of Food
Banks, Secours populaire, the Red Cross
and Restos du Coeur in France, I am
concerned about the future of this
programme after the European Court of
Justice called into question its
funding within the framework of the CAP.
Transport applications of the Global
Navigation Satellite Systems (
Ukraine is not alone in this respect,
but it must demonstrate its
unconditional determination to
introduce more comprehensive and more
inclusive reforms if it wants to move
closer to the EU. We will continue to
provide Ukraine with significant
support in its efforts to bring about
Unfortunately I have to point out a few
difficulties reported by the Court of
Auditors following the audits carried
out during the implementation of the
2009 work programme. I therefore add my
voice to the calls for the Authority to
take the necessary measures to remedy
these shortcomings which, in any case,
have not nullified the general
regularity and reliability of the
budget for the financial year 2009.
Unfortunately, that is what the
original proposal was like. I am
pleased that we were able to rectify
Unlike you, we have always extended the
hand of friendship to you, and we have
always wanted decent coexistence, and
we would therefore like the
implementing regulations for your
constitution to respect the sovereignty
of neighbouring states in the region.
Vocational education and training make
it possible to move around freely
within the labour market, according to
the changing economic situation and the
demands of a particular economic sector.
We agree, furthermore, that all the
parties should engage in continued and
constructive dialogue to address
post-referendum issues, including
common borders, citizenship
arrangements for citizens both north
and south, and the sharing of oil
We also call for more money, to clear
our conscience, but there is a lot of
Arab money which is not invested in
Arab democracy and Arab prosperity.
We also note the considerable progress
that the Internet represents for our
societies, even if it brings new
challenges such as guaranteeing access
for all and the economic model of the
We are also already planning the third
batch, so the work is ongoing and will
We are calling for more resources to
improve the infrastructure in our
border regions and to strengthen the
Trans-European Networks.
We are grateful to the Council for
reintroducing visa sanctions and an
asset freeze on the high Belarusian
officials, which demonstrated that our
deep concern for the people of Belarus
is not only empty rhetoric.
We are now faced with the annual report
on the common foreign and security
policy (CFSP), this time relating to
We are strongly against the EU-India
Free Trade Agreement because, even
though that country is making progress
in worker protection and health and in
the fight against counterfeiting, we
have to bear in mind that it is still
an unfair competitor towards our
We are, of course, open to more
efficient use and better
implementation. I agree that mistakes,
arrests of innocent people, etc.,
We believe that the wording of the
report which makes cohesion policy
subject to conditions that force the
Member States to implement reforms is
unclear and liable to misinterpretation.
We can note a marked improvement in the
situation of SMEs, but progress still
needs to be made. SMEs continue to come
up against considerable problems in
expanding their activities, and
sometimes even in surviving.
We cannot fail to express our concern
about some of the principles guiding
the European Research Area.
We could speak of cultural management
or about giving a new impetus to the
one-time idea of Melina Mercouri for a
European Capital of Culture.
We do not understand why measures that
are immediately relevant to exceptional
situations have to be rejected.
We have EUR 28.5 billion left to
programme in 2011, 2012 and 2013.
We have another resolution full of
contradictions before us. On the one
hand, the appointment of the new Small
and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SME)
Envoy by the Commission is to be
welcomed, and his mandate to monitor
the progress of the Member States in
the implementation of the Small
Business Act (SBA) and to promote SMEs'
interests throughout the Commission,
ensuring, in particular, that the
'Think Small First' principle is being
applied effectively, is to be supported.
We have got to look at how we spend the
We have problems in many countries
regarding the legal forms according to
which the work is developing.
We have these epochal events - this
economic crisis on our border, this
collapse in our share of world GDP -
and here we are talking about early
years learning, about our
responsibilities to the International
Labour Organisation, and about whether
Sarajevo should be a European city of
We heard on the one hand from the
Council that, if a European Arrest
Warrant is executed properly and
effectively and not in the many trivial
cases we have seen, its advantages
outweigh those disadvantages.
We know that not everything is as it
should be with regard to Schengen.
We must also help our manufacturers
when it comes to medicines, but I think
that we will all agree that this must
not be to the detriment of those who
are dependent on access to cheap
We must encourage the Member States to
adopt its guidelines so as to help SMEs
at this time of crisis.
We must make every effort to improve
efficiency and transparency and we must
link this with an abandonment of
unnecessary bureaucracy.
We must reinstate the requirement that
a court will extradite a person only
when there is compelling evidence that
a serious offence under the extraditing
country's laws has been committed.
We need a European leadership to stand
up against simplistic solutions - and I
have heard some of them here today -
We need research if we are to create
jobs, and we need research, of course,
to maintain employment in the EU and to
remain competitive against the emerging
We need to find a solution which
satisfies our expectations but also
takes into account the specific
We need to realise that if we were to
assume that cohesion policy is a policy
only for the poorest, then it should
slowly come to an end, which means it
should slowly disappear completely from
the list of European policies.
We now have a package before us. We
have achieved a great deal.
We rely on the European Commission to
achieve that and the European
Parliament will be behind the
Commission in strengthening Schengen,
but if there are two lessons that we
have learnt in respect of what happened
in recent weeks they are these.
We should give serious consideration to
the benefits of thorough, regular
inspections coordinated at EU level,
especially in the case of shipments to
developing countries.
We should therefore reject this
We therefore have to make that choice
in our external policy budget for the
coming years. I await with curiosity
the Commission's answer to a number of
comments made by Mr Bart Staes in his
We trust that the European Parliament's
message will act as a guide and that
unanimity will be achieved in the
Council so that a final decision can be
We want to put those proposals back on
We will examine this matter in depth in
order to provide clear rules, prevent
misleading information and facilitate
responsible choices by consumers when
purchasing textile products.
We would have preferred to lighten the
penalties, but we had to agree to them
as part of the compromises.
Well, I suppose in some ways, you may
well need Mrs Lagarde because not only
is Greece going bust, not only are we
heading for the fourth bail-out, but as
I have warned before in this Assembly,
the validity of the European Central
Bank itself will very shortly be called
into question. I have warned that you
cannot go on buying your own bad debt,
but we have reached the point where,
within weeks, we may well see that the
ECB itself is not solvent, so perhaps
your friend Mrs Lagarde can help bail
What do we want to achieve? Innovation
is not just a question of one building,
one ministry, one programme.
What is more, better cooperation and
coordination on development policy
between Member States could save us EUR
What message do you have to send to
these people who are seeking, in a
dignified and peaceful manner,
prospects and a better future for
themselves, their families and their
What we instead need is a debate on
measures to enhance Frontex so as to
provide maximum security at the
external borders of the European Union
- thereby ensuring freedom of movement
- and a debate on speedy asylum
proceedings and managed migration, on
cooperation to deal with the causes of
migration and on readmission agreements.
When dealing with nuclear energy,
safety and the transparency of
procedures are two important issues
which need to be constantly attended
to. The answer is not necessarily to
shut down plants, as Germany is
planning to do, but rather to ensure
that we are following the strictest
safety programmes when it comes to
dealing with this form of energy and
the waste it produces.
When properly shaped in the budget,
they could create room for much better
and visibly better financing of what
was under-financed - i.e. innovation,
the management of migration flows, the
external responsibilities of the
European Union that are now so visible
in the Mediterranean area, energy
efficiency and, above all, how to
connect Europe via the trans-European
networks and the other cross-border
connectors in energy systems.
When we started these free trade
negotiations, there was a very positive
attitude from everyone involved. I
therefore believe it is important for
us to ensure that we finish in exactly
the same spirit and that we do not
allow the negotiations to drag on for
While I am in favour of more
coordination, efficiency and the
linking up of policies to avoid
regulatory gaps, I believe that the EU
must not lose its diverse set of voices
in international institutions.
While respect must be shown for the
reversibility principle, concepts and
technical solutions for final disposal
should be envisaged in order to enable
potential access to and recovery of
waste for technical reasons or if
progress in research allows the
emergence of new technological
solutions such as transmutation. I
agree with the proposal's aim of
ensuring that adequate financial
resources are set aside to meet the
requirements of nuclear plant
decommissioning, and that the waste is
managed in a transparent manner.
While you in the Commission paid heed
to irresponsible statements issued by
regional authorities in Germany -
statements that were totally
misinformed and quite irresponsible -
mentioning Spanish farms by their names
and addresses, the population remained
exposed, without knowing it, to the
Why is that? It is because we have
found that if we do not have an
adequate automatic decision-making
system in the Council, the necessary
decisions do not get taken.
With a view to overcoming the economic
and financial crisis, public
procurement appears to be a catalyst
for the revitalisation of the European
economy, and of enterprise, employment
and consumer welfare in Europe.
With regard to surveillance missions, I
have serious reservations concerning
the proposal for such missions, since
they will be composed mainly of
European Commission officials and will
have significant powers entrusted to
them, without the members of these
missions having any political mandate.
With the 2010 strategic report,
Parliament has the first occasion for
analysis and evaluation of the outputs
and results of cohesion policy
With this question and the resolution
that will follow, I call on the Member
States to help fishing professionals,
where necessary, to continue their work
without distorting competition.
Within the framework of the G20, and
perhaps going further in some areas
than the G20 had requested, we are
today patiently recreating the
governance, regulatory, transparency, I
was going to say quite simply 'moral' -
if I can use that word - or ethical
frameworks and tools that have been
singularly lacking in the financial
market set-up for around 15 years.
Work on the revision of EU rules on
veterinary medicinal products and
medicated feeding stuffs is ongoing.
Yesterday, Commissioner Olli Rehn
announced a number of important steps
Yet, while no one is using road traffic
accidents to campaign to ban the motor
car, a small army of leftists is using
Chernobyl to push for an end to nuclear
You have achieved the opportunity for
detailed discussion of country-specific
situations at every key decision-making
stage of the policy cycle, including
confirmation of Parliament's right to
initiate dialogue with individual
You should be putting your emphasis on
persuading the courts to invoke Article
21 of the 2003 Extradition Act. I was
there in the House of Lords and I
helped move that amendment.
Youth unemployment caused by the
economic crisis is a considerable
challenge across the EU, and so far,
neither the EU nor the Member States
have handled it properly.